oh wow speak aloud if there was a pair
[Music]
that could give you five minutes it's
better so they get I'm embedded with the
power pure power would you take
and what I'm about what I'll do anything
to find that source listen to my voice
my line
welcome to project power our goal is
simple the next evolution of the human
species can make you strong make you
invisible you never know what your power
is until you try it
push that power don't you yeah on the
streets they talked about superpowers
but they're not talking about how long
it could kill you what's the plan now
it took some from me I gotta get it back
something
[Applause]
justin is tearing our city apart your
kid have something to do it what do you
think they got the formula from maybe we
can work together on this
you still that depends on
it's about to get real noisy
so that's your power
first we stabilize it
then we weaponize empower goals where
always goes to people that already have
they think they could just tech their
product on my city to let us see what
happens
no Batman and Robin that's a movie this
is real life you're doing this
welcome in this
[Applause]
[Music]
you need anything else
Oh fine yes you are
[Music]